fairly good
let's review the images of what
happened today before returning
to wellington with our partners that
already ready to have all the
reactions everything that has happened and what
that will continue to happen in new zealand
that's how the game started with the card
yellow for Luis Montes a game that
it was very intense more and that not winning the
I had very complicated
intensity within the deficiencies and
at some point this innocence of the
great is
they never lowered their arms they never left
to fight with a lot of dignity with a lot
self-love but simply and simply
when there is no football, it is very
complicated that you reach for something more
11th minute of the first time
there is the goal and rock with the zapatazo and
the goalkeeper in the background preventing
that seemed the first entry of the
Mexican set that would be a feast in
offensive that attacked 123 any
number of times 2 minute service
at the end of Giménez and the goalkeeper who
move away
the kiwi team was still saving
14 minutes again mexico to the boarding
found some link found some and that
service and what resolution or teacher
sensational oribe peralta the beautiful that
I would have a fantastic night in new
zealand marked the first and put the
last nail in the coffin to the
New Zealanders already won Mexico 6 x 1 in
the global but the selection of the louse
Herrera wanted more of the goal and for Raúl
jiménez the impact down and the goalkeeper
I returned to save your table we were still 1
0 but Mexico was owner master of
the ball and 24 minute actions
the reaction would come from the all whites
moisés muñoz was left with the ball
went to greater 28 minute ball
filtering new account mexico to
approach there is a brush
Mexico
2 to 0
again layun with the service again
the beautiful with the shot and mexico
mexico won 2 goals for 0
they want more there is more July peralta 3
3 of the brush 3 of oribe what moment
Naughty Peralta Mexico takes her pass
to the world cup
this way of goal and rock for oribe
peralta and after this move that is
extraordinary 4 jiménez 4 jiménez 4
Wolves
on the line
how close was raúl jiménez to sealing
the 4 by 0
simply and simply could not minute
38 would come what is a sabadazo
for the sauce
the referee the purchase is a penalty in favor
from new zealand but eye that would come
moisés muñoz to save
very well moisés muñoz in the background it
move on the line is thrown to your
right and ends up preventing
first goal in the discount for
New Zealanders
more from mexico more from raúl jiménez and from
new account the ball that came out deviated
45 minute a first time full of
goal plays again jiménez line
diagonal background delayed the impact of
Paul Aguilar and in the background to the defense
and preventing the annotation the fourth one
he denied the Mexican team that if
I saw the rest with three but that well
it could have been six 78
many many goals could have been
of the Mexican set part
complementary 71 minutes of time
run there is the mountain and
new account almost on the line
the defensive crossing and preventing the
annotation was still denied the fourth the
Help johnny tion to 75 minutes other
services nobody closes the clamp the
ball that burns the whole area and mexico
was still with the 3 for 0 minute 79 would come
the reaction with pure pride with pure
self-esteem of the Kiwis and with this
criminal that the referee of the
meeting
controversial maybe but there is a hand
de rafa marquez the referee does not hesitate
mark the and would have the discount of 3
goals for 1 and things got a
little by little almost nothing more
decorous
for the Kiwis the celebration of the
people did not all carry their banners
with the premiere of goal
New Zealand followed the boarding
there would be four goals for two with one
very good extraordinary resolution of
error and colom 4 3 by 2 were approaching the
all whites and then the reaction would come
of the Mexican set to put the
things
in 86 the set relaxed a bit
Mexican took advantage of new zealand but
there is
would come the goal and rock if the one of the
machine gun
I would say Pablo's goal 4 goals by 24
29 to 3 the global scoreboard mexico is in
the mexico world cup is in the
world